[Narrator]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai--
Frieza revealed his
final transformation!
And Piccolo and the
others quickly realized,
despite his sleek appearance,
this was the tyrant's
most monstrous form yet.
Suddenly, Frieza has set his
fearful gaze on Gohan!
Can the young hero survive?
The struggle continues--now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
Get out of the way...! You fool!
[beam of light]
Huh?!
[small explosion]
[massive explosion]
[yelp and shuddering]
[shuddering]
[laughing]
[angry grumble]
[shivering in fear]
Oh man... I barely
even saw him move...
[Krillin] No way I
could've dodged that...
[Piccolo]
Vegeta was the only one...
He could see
that attack coming...
But... how?
Have his abilities really
increased that much?
Um. Thank you... You saved
me again. [nervous laughter]
Don't get the wrong idea...
I didn't do it for you.
[chuckles]
I just want to make sure I have
an audience here to
witness my victory.
What...? Your victory?
Hmm...
Wait... What are you saying...?
You seriously think
you can beat him?
Easily.
For... For real?
The rest of you stay back...
just keep your eyes peeled...
and enjoy the show.
Someone's full of confidence...
You poor fool... The
helplessness of your situation
has made you delusional.
I doubt you'll be so
smug once you realize
what you're up against.
Just take a good look.
What stands before you now...
is the thing you fear most.
I am a Super Saiyan!
[shocked whimper]
A Wha--?!
A Super... Saiyan...?
[Piccolo]
A "Super Saiyan"? What is that?
What is he talking about?
Yes, that's it, take
a good long look at me.
[laughing]
I never knew you had such
a sense of humor... Funny...
Hmph. Fine...! You can scoff all
you like. In the meantime,
allow me to show you what a
true super-elite like me is
capable of--and why you were
right to fear the legends!
[concentration]
AAAARRRRGGGHHH!
[Goku]
That energy--is that Vegeta...?
Feels like he's managed
to give himself a big
power-boost, too...
Whoa... Awesome...!
[fusion explosion]
[ground rumbling]
Hey...! There's about to be
some serious fireworks...
We need to find some cover!
Come on!
Whoa.. I don't know what
this Super Saiyan business
is all about, but
whatever Vegeta's done,
this new power is amazing!
That was the idea... That's
why he had me blast him,
because he knew once
Dende healed him
he'd come back even
stronger than ever!
Oh... Well if that was the
plan all along... it worked...
[swirling fusion]
AAARRRGGGHHHHH!!
[shimmering blast]
AARRRGGGHHH!!!
I-Is it over? What happened?
What...? They're both
standing right where they were,
nothing's changed at all!
No, everything's changed...
It's all just bubbling beneath
the surface right now...
Try sensing out
Vegeta's energy,
you'll see what I mean!
Wow... Yeah, you're
right--all that power,
it's like he's a whole
different person...!
Hmm... Am I to assume
that little light show
was actually intended
to intimidate me?
Hmph...! You've no idea...!
You should consider
yourself fortunate
that you lost your
Scouter when you did...
If you could read my
actual power level right now,
you'd tuck that tail of yours
between your legs and run
away screaming for mercy.
That's right...! Because you
wouldn't be able to deny the
fact that my power level is
now even greater than yours!
As it stands, I'll just
have to show you!
You'll see the proof once I
bring you to your knees!
What's wrong...? What
happened to all of those
witty comebacks...? Huh...?
You're not scared, are you?
Alright... I've heard enough...
Since you're so determined to
carry out this farce... I
suppose I'll humor you and let
you play "Super
Saiyan" for a while.
Let me see your
"legendary" strength.
Oh, you will!
You can't run from me!
Kakarot won't even
get a shot at you!
He's incredible...! Look...!
He's totally got Frieza
pushed back on his heels!
No... damn it.
It's not enough...
He's... done for!
What do you mean?
This is a losing
strategy, Frieza!
You can't dodge me forever!
What...? He was right there!
Dammit I had him!
But I'm a Super Saiyan... My
battle instincts should be
at their peak...! How could
I lose sight of him?!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha...
What?!
[laughing]
There...? But... how...?
So I make one little
move at full speed...
and all of sudden your
head is spinning.
Perhaps... you're
not so "Super" after all.
Not good...
I don't believe it--Vegeta's
power is off the charts,
but... still... Frieza's
just toying with him!
Yes... We're no match
for that monster.
Ah, Vegeta. Not to put a
damper on that new confidence,
but if those are the
limits of your abilities...
I'm afraid you don't have
a chance of beating me.
Hmpf!
So sad... And after all
your boasts of becoming
a Super Saiyan... Of course, if
you really are what you say...
Then it would seem
all this time
I've been worried
over nothing.
[Frieza laughing]
[shuddering with rage]
It's almost funny... The
grand tales of the mighty
Super Saiyan, the most fearsome
warrior in the universe...
silly legends.
[Vegeta]
How can this be?
Is this really the
best I can do...?
I'm a Super Saiyan! I'm
unbeatable! Aren't I?
Or is Frieza just on such a
high level that not even
a Super Saiyan can touch him?!
No, I... I refuse to believe it!
The legends are true,
I know they are!
Oh?
I will not be defeated...!
I cannot be defeated!
[raging]
AAARRRGGGHHH!!!
[Frieza]
Hmph. Miserable fool...
[massive explosion]
You...!
[explosion]
You're mine now, Frieza...!
[multiple explosions]
What the hell is he doing?
[wicked chuckle]
[blasts off]
HAAAAAAAAAA!!!!
[multiple explosions]
A-Argh!!
Ahhhh...
I-I am...!
AARRGGHH!!!
Do you hear me, Frieza...?!
I am a Super Saiyan...!
And you can burn in Hell!
[shuddering in fear]
No, you'll destroy the whole
planet...! Stop, Vegeta!
YYYAAAAHHHHH!!!
[shuddering in fear]
What?!
[massive explosion]
[ground vibrating]
[emergency alarm sounding]
Hmmm?
I think that's enough... It's
time we ended this foolishness
before it ceases to be amusing.
Unreal... He deflected a
blast of that size...
like it was nothing...!
And there's no way Vegeta
was holding back.
That was all the power he had!
It's unbelievable... How
could anyone be that strong?
Now then...
Let's see how well you fend
off one of my attacks.
Ready...?
[King Kai]
Poor Vegeta...
At last, he understands the true
nature of the monster he faces.
For the first time ever, he is
genuinely trembling. All of the
fear and frustration he must be
feeling, I can only imagine...
His eyes don't lie.
Those tears are real.
This is the first
time the proud
Saiyan prince has ever known
what it is to feel helpless.
Brace yourself... Here I come.
[electric whirring]
[vibrating hum powering up]
[blast off]
[King Kai]
It's over. Frieza has
already won. He's stripped
Vegeta of his will to fight...
AAARRRGGGHHH!!!
Mmmmmmmm!!
[laughing]
[smashes into water]
No, don't!
There's nothing
we can do for him now.
Hmmm...
[water explosion]
[screaming]
Come now, I can't
have you giving up
after such a glancing blow.
No, I'm afraid your torment is
only just beginning.
There are so many horrors
I have yet to show you.
[Vegeta screaming]
How's that?
Are you beginning to regret your
foolish attempt to defy me?
Or shall I continue
to remind you of your place,
you worthless Saiyan monkey!
[Vegeta screaming, moaning]
I thought you were different,
that you might actually prove
to be useful... I took you under
my wing, gave you special
treatment--and this
is how you repay me!
If only you'd remained
loyal. You'd have lived
your life without ever
knowing this misery.
[explodes into ground]
[writhes in agony]
[sounding terrified]
[sounding angry]
Feel free to jump in and try
to save him at any time.
[King Kai thinking]
At this point, it seems Piccolo
and the others are incapable of
lifting so much as a finger, no
matter how much they might want
to... They've been so stunned
by Frieza's display of power
that they've been rendered
completely helpless--
[Goku]
Vegeta's energy is fading...
And fast from the feel
of it... But how...?
After he'd made himself
so much stronger,
it doesn't make sense...
Unless-that's how
tough this Frieza really is!
[computer beeping]
I'm healed!
[glass shattering]
I'm a lot stronger now.
Feels like I can barely
keep my power under control.
This is unbelievable...! I
thought I'd already gotten
as strong as I could, but... I
guess I don't know my own
limits. I have to admit; it
feels pretty good. I just wish
I had some time to
stop and enjoy it...
But I don't...! Gohan...!
Krillin...! Piccolo...!
I'm sorry it took so long,
but I'm coming, right now!
[Narrator]
At last, Goku has emerged
from the rejuvenation
chamber, fully restored
and ready to join his
friends on the battlefield!
The ruthless Frieza has
already proved himself
all but invincible.
If any hope against
the tyrant remains,
it is now up to Goku to find
it. Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[Goku]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Are you all right, Vegeta?
Even if you are a pretty bad
guy yourself, no one deserves
to be treated like that...
[Vegeta] Moron! You have
to be ruthless, Kakarot!
Don't you get it?!
That's the only way
you'll ever become
a Super Saiyan!
[Goku] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[Vegeta]
I'm begging you, Kakarot--
you have to finish him.
Do it for me!